## **Documentation**

APA mini documentation

- ### **[Big Integers](./big-integers.md)**

    For values that cannot fit the integral types.
    e.g. `int`, `long long int`, `uint64_t` & etc.

- ### **[Big Real Numbers](./big-real-numbers.md)**

    For values that cannot fit the real types.
    e.g. `float` & `double`.

- ### **[Compilation](./compilation.md)**

    Learn how to use the library, include the proper
    headers, compile directly or create a static library.

- ### **[Specification](./specifications.md)**

    Some rules or designs followed by this library.

- ### **[Big Integer Representations](./quick-tutorial.md)**

    Learn how this library represent big numbers.

- ### **Benchmarks**

    - [**basic-arithmetic**](./../benchmark/basic-arithmetic.md). - generated by `make benchmark` .
    - [**karatsuba**](./../benchmark/karatsuba.md).  - generated by `make benchmark` .
    - [**performance comparison**](./../benchmark/comparison.md) - generated by `make -C benchmark/comparisons` ,
    here the performance was compared with other light-weight popular C++ big integer libraries.
    
    - **To generate a performance comparison in your own device**.

        1. Download the target libraries once, using `make -C benchmark/comparisons clone` command.
        2. Then you can compile the **performance comparisons** anytime with,
        `make -C benchmark/comparisons compile` .
        3. After compilation you can run it using `make -C benchmark/comparisons run` to generate a
        new **APA/benchmark/comparison.md** file.
        4. To clean up all the downloaded resources, run `make -C benchmark/comparisons clean` .

    These benchmark commands will only work in linux.